(crowd cheering)
(thunder rumbling)
♪ Oh ♪
(upbeat music)
(singing in foreign language)
♪ You're a good soldier,
choosing your battles ♪
♪ Pick yourself up,
and dust yourself off ♪
♪ And back in the saddle ♪
♪ You're on the front
line, everyone's watching ♪
♪ You know it's serious,
we're getting closer ♪
♪ This isn't over ♪
♪ The pressure's on, you feel it ♪
♪ But you got it all, believe it ♪
♪ When you fall, get up, oh oh ♪
♪ And if you fall, get up, eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa,
'cause this is Africa ♪
♪ Tsamina mina eh eh ♪
♪ Waka waka eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa,
this time for Africa ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ Listen to your God, this is our motto ♪
♪ Your time to shine, don't wait in line ♪
♪ Y vamos por todo ♪
♪ People are raising their expectations ♪
♪ Go on and feed them,
this is your moment ♪
♪ No hesitation ♪
♪ Today's your day, I feel it ♪
♪ You paved the way, believe it ♪
♪ If you get down, get up, oh oh ♪
♪ When you get down, get up, eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa,
this time for Africa ♪
♪ Tsamina mina eh eh ♪
♪ Waka waka eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa, anawa ah ah ♪
♪ Tsamina mina eh eh ♪
♪ Waka waka eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa,
this time for Africa ♪
(singing in foreign language)
♪ 'Cause this is Africa ♪
♪ Africa, Africa ♪
♪ Tsamina mina ♪
♪ Anawa ah ah ♪
♪ Tsamina mina eh eh ♪
♪ Waka waka eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa anawa ah ah ♪
♪ Tsamina mina eh eh ♪
♪ Waka waka eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa,
this time for Africa ♪
♪ Tango eh eh ♪
♪ Tsamina mina zangalewa anawa ah ah ♪
♪ This time for Africa ♪
- We're all Africa.
We're all Africa.